&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To facilitate and enhance a better access to the education system, an efficient solution is to digitalize the University’s Library in order to bring it closer to all the students as well as to provide better management features to the managers and administrators of the library. Our work consists of taking all the necessary steps that will result in the creation and maintenance of the finished product: the library web application for Epoka University. The three levels of users our system will provide are: the university’s students, the librarians and the administrators.<br><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The administrators will be responsible for furnishing the library system with books; adding, modifying or deleting the information for each of them. They can receive feedback or messages from students about possible suggestions or requests. One of their most important features will be registering the librarians, so that only the authorized staff can take this position within the system.<br><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Librarians can approve or deny their registration. Once it is approved, the librarians gain access to the system, in which they manage the orders of the students, as well as the feedback sent from them. Librarians are reponsible for contacting users who have not returned borrowed books according to the deadline.<br><br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The other level of users, the students, can also view the available books along with information and descriptions for each of them, order them for pickup, personalize their account by adding books to favorites, as well as give feedback or requests. All these features will be provided once they have registered in the system.<br><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In order to best meet the needs of all the involved parties (stakeholders) an ongoing process of communication, design and implementation is established, the documentation of which will be provided in this repository.
